docs: draft enterprise SSO via Ory section DEP-139 (#37339)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/self-managed-deployments/enterprise-sso/operations.md

- All Polis SAML connections and SCIM directories have to be re-created

Each cloud's database module enables managed automated backups by
default (`backup_retained_backups = 35` on Cloud SQL,
`backup_retention_days = 35` on Flexible Server and RDS). For
production deployments, verify the retention period matches your DR
requirements and consider running periodic restore drills to confirm
the backups are usable.

## Monitor the stack

If you deployed with `enable_observability = true` (the default), the
example provisions Prometheus and Grafana scraping Materialize and the
Ory pods. The Ory Helm charts emit standard metrics including request
counts and latencies per endpoint, which you can wire into your
existing alerting.

Key signals to alert on:

- Hydra `/oauth2/token` 5xx rate (token issuance failing)
- Kratos `/sessions/whoami` 5xx rate (session validation failing)
- Polis OIDC callback errors (SAML assertions failing)
- Pod restart counts on any Ory component
- Postgres connection failures from any Ory component (suggests DB
  saturation or networking issues)

## Future work

Items tracked but not yet shipped:

- **API key management for service accounts** via Ory Talos

>   (tracked as DEP-143). When this lands, this page will gain a section

Reviewer: `DEP-143` is an internal tracker ID — best kept out of public docs. The identity-providers page phrases the same item as just "Tracked as future work via Ory Talos." Reworded to drop the ID while keeping the sentence intact:

```suggestion
is tracked as future work. When this lands, this page will gain a section
```

Author: good point, applied!
